---
sidebar_label: 'Quest04'
sidebar_position: '3'
---

# Js Quest04

Welcome to the Quest04 of JavaScript Bootcamp, Preseason Web track! Here you will continue to enhance your JavaScript skills by writing scripts, working with variables, conditions, and functions.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Scripts**: Write and execute your first script.
- **Variables**: Learn to create and use variables of different types.
- **Conditions**: Practice writing if-else conditions with multiple criteria.
- **Functions**: Learn to create and use functions to organize your code.

## 📝 Task Requirements

1. **Directory Structure**: For each exercise, create a folder `ex0n` where `n` is the number of the exercise. See `submit directory`.
2. **Git**: Git add, git commit & git push each exercise.
3. **File Naming**: Use specific file names for each exercise provided under `submit file(s)`.
4. **Testing**: **NO** tests should be provided in source files.
5. **Gandalf Testing**: All exercises must pass Gandalf tests.

## 🛠️ Useful resources for accomplishing this task

### General
- **JavaScript Basics**: Understand the basics of JavaScript, including syntax and execution.
- **Variables in JavaScript**: Learn about different types of variables and how to use them.
- **Conditional Statements**: Understand how to write and use if-else conditions.
- **JavaScript Functions**: Learn how to define and invoke functions.

### Scripts
- **Writing Scripts**: Learn how to write and execute scripts in JavaScript.

### Variables
- **Variable Types**: Understand different types of variables (e.g., numbers, strings, characters).

### Conditions
- **If-Else Statements**: Learn how to write if-else conditions with multiple criteria.

### Functions
- **Defining Functions**: Learn how to define functions in JavaScript.
- **Invoking Functions**: Understand how to call functions and pass parameters.

### Advice for completing the tasks
1. You can write comments inside your code using `//`. They are **ignored by the computer**.
2. Make sure to put a semicolon `;` after each JavaScript statement.
3. Make sure to save `Ctrl + S` the changes you do to the code.
4. [Use Google to your advantage!](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-google-like-a-pro-10-tips-for-effective-googling/)

*Side note for **StartSchoolers**: consider checking out **StartSchool Riga HQ** document on [coda.io](https://coda.io/) for more useful resources & information!*